Known bugs:
-----------

* Some Chaos faction units seem to "pop out" during fight; this is caused by a mixture of
  both deprecated animation frames and a modern standing frame. Id est, those deprecated
  animation frames must be updated.

Note that here are listed only those bugs that are known by the author, and that have not been
fixed in this release; usually there are still more bugs to be found, and most of them are fixed
before a new release is made, thus don't get to be listed in this file.


Reporting new bugs on officially released versions:
---------------------------------------------------

Sometimes, you may come across an already reported bug, a bug that was already fixed in a newer
release of the campaign, or something that looks like a bug to you but actually is not, or at
least not on the eyes of the author and maintainers. To make sure you are not falling into any
of the later cases, please always download the latest version of this campaign, check if it is
already mentioned in the BUGS file, and try to reproduce the bug.

It is good practice, often ignored, to try to reproduce the bug in other campaigns, preferably
mainline, or with an isolated case of WML code (if you know what it is). This can help us
optimize the bug fixing procedure by discriminating bugs that are specific to this campaign
or that are actually caused by the game engine. The test scenario (/data/scenario-test.cfg) is
also a good place for quick testing of bugs which are not related to the campaign mechanism
(i.e. it doesn't depend on advancing scenarios, etc.). Debug-mode commands are a great help in
any case (:debug).

If you happen to find a new bug that is specific to this campaign, please report it as soon as
possible at the #wesnoth-umc-dev IRC channel at Freenode with as much information as possible
to help us find the cause and fix the bug.

In the case that the bug could be reproduced in other campaigns/with isolated and proper WML,
you should report it with relevant information at www.wesnoth.org/forum/, Technical Support
subforum; you might as well submit the issue to bugs.wesnoth.org, but ONLY if you are certain
that it is a real bug in the game engine itself; you should always contact the campaign author
for checking it first, before posting in the Technical Support forum.


Reporting new bugs on SVN non-release revisions:
------------------------------------------------

*** SKIP THIS SECTION IF YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT SVN MEANS AND/OR WHAT IT HAS TO DO IN THIS
*** CONTEXT

* Those who develop this campaign actively should never commit broken stuff to svn in the first
  place, but if they inadvertely do, odds are that they'll shortly notice and commit a new
  fixed revision.

* The delay could be of a few hours, or a week at most. If you notice that the bug is not fixed
  after that time, you should notify the campaign maintainers using one of the following methods:

  * By IRC: #wesnoth-umc-dev on irc.freenode.net
  * Via forum personal-messaging: "Espreon" at http://forums.wesnoth.org


Contacting the Author:
----------------------

I recommend you to use forum personal messaging as described above. You can also drop me an
e-mail at Majora700_at_gmail.com, but make sure you put something meaningful in the subject
line or it may get flagged as spam. I'd personally prefer if you prefix it with "[Wesnoth]".

If you don't get a reply within a few days, try contacting me on IRC (#wesnoth-umc-dev at
irc.freenode.net) or by forum PM instead.

-- Steven Panek

Note: This file was shamelessly 'stolen' from IFtU... so... yeah...
