The Silver Lands - Text Sources listing
------------------------------------------------

Basically, this file explains the purpose of all of the files and directories in this campaign.
In addition, it reveals whether or not certain files or directories have translatable stuff.


1. FILES/DIRECTORIES TO BE IGNORED
----------------------------------

/docs/
    This directory contains files like the storyboard, et cetera. Nothing in this directory is used by the game, thus
    there are no translatable strings here.
/dist
    This directory just contains metadata such as version, the base directory, et cetera. They are mostly used by
    the packaging script, build-external-archive.sh. There are no translatable strings here.
/external_data
    This directory contains files that are loaded before the campaign itself. There are no translatable strings here.
/mainline-strings.cfg
    It contains simple macro definitions that reuse tstrings from mainline core/library
    textdomains (NOT campaigns). If something is wrong there, odds are that it is/was
    in mainline too, at some revision.
/terrain-graphics/
    It contains untranslatable string literals for use by the terrain system. See
    /terrain.cfg for related translatable strings.
    NOTE: if a translatable string ever appears in this directory it must be marked as
    untranslatable as soon as possible.
/ai
    Contains WML-emulated AIs and formula AIs. No translatable strings should
    be located in the inner WML files. There might be [message] tags with a non-translatable
    'message' attribute, which is intentional.
/_server.ign
    File/directory exclusion list. This file is used by build-external-archive.sh and the addon uploading
    mechanism in the game. There are no translatable strings in this file.
/base-debug.cfg
    It contains macros for debug messages, et cetera. There should not be any translatable strings in it.
/base-variables.cfg
    Utilities which produce random subscripts for WML arrays.
/base-utils.cfg
    Primary WML - there are some user-interaction macros such as MSG_UNIT, but their
    plain-text declarations should not contain any translatable strings - only the inclusions
    in scenario files/preprocessor output.
/base-rc.cfg
    It contains recolor system declarations. The only present translatable strings are
    in the CUSTOM_COLOR_RANGES table, and they are single names. It would be really weird
    that those strings were bogus.
/base-math.cfg
    Primary WML functional shortcuts. There are no translatable strings here, nor should there be.
/base-loader.cfg
    Only a lot of preprocessor babble and some top-level WML constructs - there should not be
    any string literals in this file, translatable nor untranslatable.


2. CRITICAL STRING SOURCES
--------------------------

/_main.cfg
    Contains campaign episodes' descriptions and menu entry names, besides difficulty level aliases
    and the saved games' prefixes. This should be always checked to ensure that users get a good
    first impression of the campaign. ;-)
/scenarios
/utils/storytxt.cfg
    The scenarios directory is pretty self descriptive. Please note that there are subdirectories in it,
    and the WML source files in them should be revised *too*, as they are user-visible stuff related to the
    storyline too. All WML in the /scenarios directory deserves revision of translatable strings.
    The storytxt.cfg file declares macros included from each scenario as others from the storymap.cfg file.
    The difference is that storymap.cfg contains just graphical instructions, whereas storytxt.cfg contains
    narrator lines presented before entering a scenario. Therefore, it's essential that whenever a scenario
    text is revised, the corresponding macro in storytxt.cfg is revised as well.
/utils/scenario-deaths.cfg
    Contains death speeches of characters. Essential.

3. SECONDARY STRING SOURCES
---------------------------

/units
    Contains the whole unit trees specific to the campaign. The text revision maintainer is free to revise unit_descriptions
    and any possible event-specific strings. However, there are a few important points:

- Revising an unit's translatable name requires to ensure that it is not referenced in a scenario or story dialogue; if it is,
  the scenarios should be revised as well to avoid confusing players unless the new tstring name is a well-known synonym
  of the former.
- Revising an unit's internal id requires *permission* from the main maintainer, since only them can make sure any unit type
  references in the WML are not broken by this special renaming.
- The same applies to a unit's weapon identifier, but not to its translatable (player-visible) name. You are usually free to
  do whatever you want with the later and forget about the weapon identifiers - the main maintainers will decide whether to
  change it as well and fix any references to it in WML.

/utils/abilities.cfg
    Contains unit abilities: their WML and descriptions. You may modify translatable strings, but
    never internal identifiers or macro names except with permission of the main maintainer.
/utils/amla.cfg
    Contains AMLAs; so far there should be no translatable strings in it.
/utils/first-time-help.cfg
    Contains character descriptions that are shown when the player selects the relevant units for the first time. You may modify
    translatable strings, but never internal identifiers or macro names except with permission of the main maintainer.
/utils/weapon-specials.cfg
    Contains weapon specials: their WML and descriptions. You may modify translatable strings, but
    never internal identifiers or macro names except with permission of the main maintainer.
/utils/special-notes.cfg
    Translatable special note macros that are appended to each unit's description. You may change
    the macro contents, but *not* the macro names except with permission of the main maintainer.
/utils/traits.cfg
    Contains unit traits: their WML and descriptions. You may modify translatable strings, but
    never internal identifiers or macro names except with permission of the main maintainer.

4. OTHER STRING SOURCES
-----------------------
/editor-loader.cfg
    Loads this campaign's custom terrain into the map editor and it contains the name of this campaign's editor group (this is translatable).
    Said name is only shown in the map editor.
/utils/schedules.cfg
    Contains Time of Day display names.
/terrain.cfg
    Contains terrain display names.
/terrain-virtual.cfg
    Contains overlay terrain display names.
/utils/items.cfg
    Contains pick-up objects' descriptions, dialogues, names, etc., as well
    for their effects.
/utils/boss-utils.cfg
/utils/scenario-utils.cfg
    May contain a few user-interface texts that should be revised as well.